A1.
Class: a bespoken type of data (variables) and operations on that data (methods)
Object: a specific creation of a class with data values and operations on that data, executed at runtime
A2.
== compares the object reference equality
.equals(...) compares the object content equality

.equals(...) may return true if two different objects have the same content but have different references. For example,
Animal a = new Dog('bob') and Animal b = new Dog('bob). In this case, a does not equal b but a.equals(b) is true

A3.
Abstraction hides unnecessary information while preserving what is important. It allows the client code to be blissfully ignorant about the implementation 
while only knowing the capabilities/purpose of those capabilities. It's goal is not secrecy but clarity.
A4.
Differences:
A subclass can inherit only one abstract class
A abstract class can contain unimplemented methods, attributes, and implemented methods
An abstract class is inherited from a subclass using the 'extends' keyword
A class can implement multiple interfaces.
A interface can contain only unimplemented method signatures.
A interface can be implemented using the 'implements' keyword.
Similarities:
Both an abstract class and interface can contain unimplemented method signatures.

A5.
An Abstract Data Type (ADT) defines what operations are available, not how they are implemented
Coding to an ADT improves flexibility by changing the implementation without affecting clients.

B1.
Advantage of Design A:
Since DeliveryDrone "is a" Vehicle, it models a strong inheritance relationship.
Therefore, many of the methods in Vehicle can be used by the DeliveryDrone. This helps avoid duplicated logic.
Advantage of Design B:
Trackable can model methods that Delivery Drone can use. This models a strong "can-be" relationship since 
DeliveryDrone can be Trackable (it is delivering items, therefore, it's location should be known (i.e. Trackable)). 
For example, DeliveryDrone may have a "getLocation() method". This method 
models a capability that DeliveryDrone must implement.
Disadvantage of Desing A:
Delivery Drone may not model all the capabilities of a Vehicle, for example, getNumberOfPassengers() may be a 
method within vehicle that DeliveryDrone may not be able to implement.
B2.
a.) Set
b.)A list allows duplicate elements; whereas a set only allows unique elements.
c.)If we wanted to know the order of which user logged in, a list may be preferable considering that a list orders elements.
d.) Using an ADT we can focus more on modeling capabilities over implementation. We can focus more on design (e.g. choosing which ADT is best)
than coding the implementing of the methods (e.g. get(i), push, peek, etc.)
C1.
a.) 

https://mysuccess.carleton.ca/myAccount/career/postings.htm
HR@wilan.com









which courses ran in Spring (May–June)

which ran in Summer (July–August)